Get to the essence - Ignore the superfluous

Meanie Genie Puzzle
Initial Thoughts

There are two standard outcomes if two single stones are weighed. Either you pick the correct stone which has a 2/9 chance or you pick two wrong stones that weigh equally. I don't think measuring two single stones will work, so perhaps the key is weighing multiple and subtracting the weight or use a math trick.

Don't be afraid to make mistakes
Every single success has been built on the ash heap of failed attempts.

9 stones, identical
Can only take one
Jewel inside one
8 weigh same, 1 slightly more
2 balance scales
Only used once each

Balance scales have two sides. She can put 4 and 4 on each side for her first weighing. If they are the same than it is the one left. If one is heavier it is within those four. Weight 2 and 2 and then she will have a 50% chance, but not definite.

- Silly answer, break the stones to see

-- watched first work through. Tried my first attempt. Next thoughts --

Change to three groups of three.

Balance scales have two sides. She can put 3 and 3 on each side for her first weighing with 3 left out. If they are the same than it is within the 3 left. If one is heavier it is within those three. Weight 1 and 1. If equal it is the stone left, if one is heavier it is that stone.
I believe I have solved the problem!

-- next work through --
I have in fact solved the problem.

-- Next Problem --
Couple throws a party. Named Stacy and Sam.

- 5 couples present including self
- no shaking between spouses
- no shaking own hand
- max of 8 shakes
1->0
2->1
3->2
4->3
5->4
6->5
7->6
8->7
9->8

How many did Stacy shake?
8?
Initial work out on paper.
Drew 10 people with number of shakes over head.
Labeled every 2 the same letter. A, A, B, B, etc to denote spouse
Shook next if not spouse until at 0. If not at 0 add left over shakes onto Stacy.
Got 8.

This technique was very poor as it made multiple assumptions which ended up being false.

My new answer for the simplified problem (2 couples) was 1. - this is correct

Tried to work original backwards and with new strategy.
Got 4.

4 is indeed correct.

The problem solving strategy "breaking the problem into simpler forms" was demonstrated.

I have a high amount of respect for this professor.
