Score 21/25

Having credit gives one an “immediate purchasing power”.
A: True - CORRECT 

Credit should not be used beyond what you can sustain with your level of earning.
A: True - CORRECT 

Which of the following is a frivolous way of using credit?
A: Shopping spree - CORRECT 

What is the main drawback of using credit?
A: There is interset along with the loan principal that has to be paid back - CORRECT

Lenders are more likely to provide loans to individuals with a good credit history.
A: True - CORRECT 

If used wisely, credit will drain your resources.
A: False - CORRECT 

Why do credit card companies refer to the timely payers as “deadbeats”?
A: The credit card company  makes little to no money from these people - CORRECT

The average card holding household in the US has about how many credit cards?
A: 8 - INCORRECT
A: 6 

Having an automobile loan is an example of an uncollateralized debt.
A: True - INCORRECT
A: False 

All credit is created equal.
A: False - CORRECT

The higher your credit score, the more likely it is that a lender will give you a loan.
A: True - CORRECT

What one of the following is a credit bureau in the United States?
A: All of the above - CORRECT 

Which of the following is not a collateralized debt?
A: Mortgages Loans - INCORRECT 
A: Credit card debt 

Paying bills on time reduces one's credit score.
A: False - CORRECT

Which of the following type of debt has the higher interest rate?
A: Uncollateralized debt - CORRECT

Which type of bankruptcy puts one on a regular payment plan until all, or a significant portion, of the debt is paid off?
A: Chapter 13 - CORRECT

According to the lectures, what exactly are lenders looking for?
A: All of the above - CORRECT

A bank will refuse to give a loan to a borrower if said borrower is too much of a risk for the bank.
A: True - CORRECT

What is a reporting agency that assembles information on borrowers in order to help lenders evaluate the credit worthiness of borrowers? (You are entitled to see your credit report and dispute or add to the information you feel is erroneous).
A: Credit Bureau - CORRECT 

Which of the following is being tracked by the Credit Bureaus at all times?
A: All of the above - CORRECT 

A soft inquiry has no effect on one's credit score.
A: True - CORRECT

It is unnecessary to use money in a savings account (accruing little to no interest) in order to pay off a credit card debt.
A: False - CORRECT 

What is the FICO score range?
A: 300 to 850 - INCORRECT 
A: 350 to 850 

What type of personal bankruptcy is considered to be the “nuclear option” or liquidation?
A: Chapter 7 - CORRECT

Taking out a loan from a bank using your current savings account as collateral is a good way to manufacture a credit history if you have none.
A: True - CORRECT 