Score 22/25

What factors help underwriters determine whom and how much to charge for insurance?
A: Moral hazard and adverse selection - CORRECT

Which of the following policies does not contain a cash value component?
A: Term life - CORRECT

Risk is defined as the likelihood of an adverse event.
A: True - CORRECT

Which of the following allows insurance companies to withstand “periodic shocks" in the form of natural disasters like earthquakes and tornadoes?
A: Diversification - CORRECT

Which of the following statements is true of insurance in general??
A: Premiums increase with age - CORRECT

Insurance involves taking a risk in order to make financial gains, whereas speculation is designed to replenish what gets lost.
A: False - CORRECT

Which of the following isn’t one of the various life insurance policies?
A: High life - CORRECT

Which of the following is an advantage of whole life insurance?
A: All of the above - CORRECT

When dealing with viatical insurance, the entity who purchases the policy receives more earnings because they have the opportunity to cash out the policy.
A: False - CORRECT

Upon reaching 100, by design, your accumulated cash value in a whole life policy equals the death benefit.
A: True - CORRECT

What piece of information is helpful for determining whether or not the insurance company is a viable entity from which to purchase a policy?
A: Its financial rating - CORRECT

Which of the following is an appropriate descriptor of a whole life policy?
A: None of the above - CORRECT

The right provided to insurance companies to collect damages from another party is known as subrogation.
A: CORRECT

The origins of term life insurance can be traced back to the Roman legionnaires.
A: True - CORRECT

Which of the following is not an automobile insurance policy?
A: Uninsured motorists - INCORRECT
A: All of the above are parts of auto insurance policies

Which of the following polices could be viewed as a "black box?"
A: Whole life - CORRECT

When renting an apartment, it’s not necessary to get Renter’s insurance for said apartment since the owner of the complex has insurance on his properties.
A: False - CORRECT

How much will an insurance company pay for bodily injury per accident in a 20/50/15 auto policy?
A: $20,000 - INCORRECT
A: $50,000

Which portion of an auto policy covers damage to another person's vehicle when you are at fault?
A: Liability - CORRECT

In property insurance, the two main types of exposure we face are liability and property loss.
A: True - CORRECT

Which of the following factors influence an auto insurance premium?
A: All of the above - CORRECT

Which of the following describes the principle that you are entitled to payment from the insurance company if a loss has been sufferred where the payment should not exceed the economic value of the loss?
A: Co-insurance - INCORRECt
A: Indemnity

In a cash value policy, you fund more of the face value of your policy as you age.
A: True - CORRECT

In insurance, underwriting refers to which of the following?
A: The process of deciding whom to insure and at what rate - CORRECT

Which of the following does not have an impact when determining auto insurance premiums?
A: Average number of passengers in the car - CORRECT
