Score 22/25

What is a fundamental metric to pay attention to when setting up one's investment portfolio?
A: Risk tolerance of the individual - CORRECT

Which sports analogy best describes Investing?
A: None of the above, investing should not be compared to a sport - CORRECT

The risk of a stock has no relationship to its returns.
A: False - CORRECT

When is an ideal time to purchase stocks?
A: The stock market is too volatile to determine ideal purchasing period - INCORRECT
A: When investors are selling stocks

The larger the stock, the lower the risk. The small the stock, the greater the risk.
A: True - CORRECT

Which of following is not one of the “primary residences” where stocks are listed?
A: USAD - CORRECT

Past academic research has shown that it’s cheaper to trade stocks on the NYSE than it is in the NASDAQ.
A: True - CORRECT

Which of the following are sectors in which stocks can be purchased?
A: All of the above - CORRECT

In the world of stocks, “stale information” is information unknown to other investors.
A: False - CORRECT

Which of the following is not an advantage of a mutual fund?
A: The potential risk associated with someone else managing one's stocks - CORRECT

An index fund is a collection of stocks that represents a segment of the market.
A: True - INCORRECT
A: False

Which of the following is usually considered the riskiest?
A: Emerging growth stocks - CORRECT

Mutual funds are very risky compared to stocks.
A: False - CORRECT

Which of the following describes a blue chip company?
A: An established company that is considered to be safe and an industry leader - CORRECT

It is critically important that you learn to ask the right questions when trying to understand the various facets of personal finance.
A: True - CORRECT

Risk and Return are _______ measures.
A: Correlated - CORRECT

According to legendary Wall Street broker Edwin Lefevre, above all else, knowing yourself is the key to investing.
A: True - CORRECT

What is the direct way to create wealth?
A: Investing - CORRECT

An investor familiar with the momentum concept would invest in a company when the stock price is rising.
A: True - CORRECT

Which of the following is a way to invest?
A: All of the above - CORRECT

Selling stocks is a more difficult decision than buying stocks.
A: True - CORRECT

The two most common ways companies raise funds are by...
A: Borrowing money from banks and selling shares - INCORRECT
A: Selling shares of themselves and borrowing money by selling bonds

The disposition effect is the propensity displayed by individuals to sell our losing stocks too soon and to hang on to our winning stocks too long.
A: False - CORRECT

Which among the following should be your first step in buying stocks?
A: Determine your holding or investment period for the investment - CORRECT

To attain the greatest benefit of market timing one should
A: Be proactive - TRUE
